 25 out of 45 of the world's biggest economies have either completely or partially banned crypto . Some believe it could hold the key to a wholesale transformation of the internet . But crypto's future might have less to do with money than you think . The party is over the market value tank as alleged fraud dominates headlines .  The cypherpunks were looking for a peer-to-peer network not for music or movies but for money . The ambition was to develop a secure and irreversible payment system that didn't involve centralized Banks corporations or governments privacy issues are inherent to the financial system if you use a financial app they're going to have to verify your identity if you want to operate in a fully private way no one knows who you are .  People want to be able to operate in a permissionless way in 2008 an email from an anonymous person or person calling themselves Satoshi Nakamoto appeared to hold the answer to this challenge in 2008 . Bitcoin the project took off and despite wild swings the value of Bitcoin has grown as has the industry .  Bitcoin is a decentralized digital Ledger using what's called a 'blockchain' The key thing that's interesting about them is they have what are called consensus algorithms so ways in which the different parties maintain the blockchain agree on what is the source of Truth a majority of users verifies each transaction on the blockchain .  Latin America and parts of Asia have all seen rapid uptick of cryptocurrencies in recent years . The answer might lie far from the Financial Centers of the rich world . Nigeria is the world's second largest user now the first crypto unicorn in Latin America bitcoin's price hits new record high in Argentina .  Stable coins in stable coins in particular are used more often but then other parts of the world you might not see crypto as as useful that's because transaction fees and the price of moving money in and out of crypto can make it a more expensive option than transferring money in more mainstream ways .  Matthew favas is The Economist Finance Correspondent for The Economist . He talks about the post money year of blockchains and the social layer that's building on this infrastructure it's like building a new Digital Society . Some believe the blockchain Technologies behind them could end up fueling a whole new version of the internet this vision is called web3 .  web3 the idea is your information is stored on the blockchain which is permissionless decentralized and you have ownership over it . The consequences for the majority of web users could be profound when you use a website like Facebook or Instagram your data is collected and owned by those companies it's how they make their money in web 3 .  The idea is a more democratic internet fueled by the technology behind crypto but this carries its own security risks . The way that blockchains operate is that all of the data on the blockchain is available to everyone in the blockchain network . Because blockchains have no Central Authority no one would be responsible if hackers did gain access to your data .  Bitcoin's future might not lie in finance at all but in the next iteration of the internet there's a large part of the the crypto Community that's very very driven by ideology by ideals they have a vision for a decentralized open internet where anyone can spin up an application contribute to it and you know be rewarded .  Technology is not a static thing it is constantly changing and evolving and people are working . Just because something is slow today doesn't mean that it's going to be slow tomorrow thanks for watching if you want to read more about cryptocurrencies or the future of money click on the link below .